Rework backup (#8406)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/kyma/10-09-backup.md

---
title: Cannot create a volume snapshot
type: Troubleshooting
---

If a PersistentVolumeClaim is not bound to a PersistentVolume, the attempt to create a volume snapshot from that PersistentVolumeClaim will fail with no retries. An event will be logged to indicate no binding between the PersistentVolumeClaim and the PersistentVolume.

> This may happen if PersistentVolumeClaim and VolumeSnapshot specifications are in the same YAML file. As a result, the VolumeSnapshot object is and the PersistentVolumeClaim object are created at the same time, but the PersisitentVolume is not available yet and cannot be bound to the PersistentVolumeClaim. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This may happen if PersistentVolumeClaim and VolumeSnapshot specifications are in the same YAML file. As a result, the VolumeSnapshot and the PersistentVolumeClaim objects are created at the same time, but the PersisitentVolume is not available yet so it cannot be bound to the PersistentVolumeClaim. 
```

Author: what happened here :O
